Feature/update doc (#44)
retest/docs: docs/recheck-web/tutorial/explicit-checks.md

}
```

> The `@Before` annotated method creates both the `Recheck` instance to use, as well as the `ChromeDriver`. Notice that not all drivers work, only the ones [Selenium supports](https://docs.seleniumhq.org/about/platforms.jsp#browsers). The `@Test` annotated method first tells recheck to start the test (calling `startTest`), then load the Google start page into Chrome. Then it will recheck the current version of the page against a previous, expected version (called _Golden Master_) by invoking `check` and giving it a semantic and unique identifier.

Reviewer: >Notice that not all drivers work, only the ones [Selenium supports](https://docs.seleniumhq.org/about/platforms.jsp#browsers).

Hmmm, not sure if this is helpful. We basically support the basic WebDriver API, but we currently only test with Chrome and Firefox.

Reviewer 2: I thought it might be a good idea to mention explicit that only ´RemoteWebDrivers` are supported. That includes the basic browsers from [Selenium](https://docs.seleniumhq.org/about/platforms.jsp#browsers).

Reviewer: We don't have a single test for anything besides Chrome and Firefox. So … 🤷‍♂️

!!! tip

> 	If you want to test only one specific ***WebElement***, you can call `check` for example like this: `re.check(driver.findElement( By.id( "hplogo" ) ), "open");`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	If you only want to test specific GUI elements, you can also pass a single `WebElement` to the `check` method instead of the `WebDriver` to test the entire page.
```
